Add LPAD() example (#16946)
pingcap/docs: functions-and-operators/string-functions.md

> Return the string argument, left-padded with the specified string.
> 
> ```sql
> SELECT LPAD('TiDB',8,'>');
> ```
> 
> ```
> +--------------------+
> | LPAD('TiDB',8,'>') |
> +--------------------+
> | >>>>TiDB           |
> +--------------------+
> 1 row in set (0.00 sec)
> ```
> 
> In the example above the string "TiDB" is left padded until 8 characters with 4 `>` characters.
> 
> ```sql
> SELECT LPAD('TiDB',2,'>');
> ```
> 
> ```
> +--------------------+
> | LPAD('TiDB',2,'>') |
> +--------------------+
> | Ti                 |
> +--------------------+
> 1 row in set (0.00 sec)
> ```
> 
> In the example above the string "TiDB" is left padded until 2 characters with `>` characters. The result is "Ti". This shows that the string in the first argument will be truncated if it is longer than the second argument.
> 
> ```sql
> SELECT LPAD('TiDB',-2,'>');
> ```
> 
> ```
> +---------------------+
> | LPAD('TiDB',-2,'>') |
> +---------------------+
> | NULL                |
> +---------------------+
> 1 row in set (0.00 sec)
> ```
> 
> In the example above the string "TiDB" is left padded until -2 characters with `>` characters. The result is NULL as the second argument is negative.

Reviewer: ````suggestion
The `LPAD(str, len, padstr)` function returns the string argument, left-padded with the specified string `padstr` to a length of `len` characters.

- If `len` is less than the length of the string `str`, the function truncates the string `str` to the length of `len`.
- If `len` is a negative number, the function returns `NULL`.
- If any argument is `NULL`, the function returns `NULL`.

Examples:

```sql
SELECT LPAD('TiDB',8,'>');
+--------------------+
| LPAD('TiDB',8,'>') |
+--------------------+
| >>>>TiDB           |
+--------------------+
1 row in set (0.00 sec)
```

```sql
SELECT LPAD('TiDB',2,'>');
+--------------------+
| LPAD('TiDB',2,'>') |
+--------------------+
| Ti                 |
+--------------------+
1 row in set (0.00 sec)
```

```sql
SELECT LPAD('TiDB',-2,'>');
+---------------------+
| LPAD('TiDB',-2,'>') |
+---------------------+
| NULL                |
+---------------------+
1 row in set (0.00 sec)
```
````
